Final edits and Vale fixes in OIDC authorization code flow mechanism for protecting web applications guide for 3.2 (#37024)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-oidc-code-flow-authentication.adoc

[[integration-testing-keycloak-devservices]]
=== Dev services for Keycloak

> Use xref:security-openid-connect-dev-services.adoc[Dev Services for Keycloak] for integration testing against Keycloak.

Reviewer: It appears to me that this sentence does not have a  message that this is a recommended way of testing. propose to revert

> Use xref:security-openid-connect-dev-services.adoc[Dev Services for Keycloak] for integration testing against Keycloak.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using xref:security-openid-connect-dev-services.adoc[Dev Services for Keycloak] is recommended for integration testing against Keycloak.
```

`Dev Services for Keycloak` will start and initialize a test container: it will create a `quarkus` realm, a `quarkus-app` client (`secret` secret), and add `alice` (`admin` and `user` roles) and `bob` (`user` role) users, where all of these properties can be customized.

First, prepare `application.properties`.
You can start with a completely empty `application.properties` file as `Dev Services for Keycloak` will register `quarkus.oidc.auth-server-url` pointing to the running test container as well as `quarkus.oidc.client-id=quarkus-app` and `quarkus.oidc.credentials.secret=secret`.

> However, if you already have all the required `quarkus-oidc` properties configured, then you only need to associate `quarkus.oidc.auth-server-url` with the `prod` profile for `Dev Services for Keycloak`to start a container, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you already have all the required `quarkus-oidc` properties configured, then you only need to associate `quarkus.oidc.auth-server-url` with the `prod` profile for `Dev Services for Keycloak` to start a container, for example:
```

Author: Good catch, thank you.
